Definition Type Attribute exception on query

= Introduction =

There is a bug in adf 11g for task flow switch and saved search of af:query.


= Details =
== Version ==
  * JDeveloper 11.1.1.2 and 11.1.1.3
  * Weblogic 10.3.2 and 10.3.3

== Developement ==
You can skip this section by download the project source directly.

The program is very simple, there are 2 pages, one search page and one blank page. The search page contains an af:query with saveQueryMode="readOnly", the query is binding to a ViewObject, the ViewObject has 2 view criteria. Therefore, the query in the search page has 2 Saved Search items.

There are some condition for the 2 view criterias, 
Criteria 1 is defined as a Quick Search, which includes some simple fields;
Criteria 2 is defined as an Advance Search, which includes all the fields defined in Criteria 1, and some extra fields. The most important is Criteria 2 must include some extra fields that have a ListOfValue (a dropdown selection in the query UI).

Finally, the search page has a link (action="toblank") go to blank page. and the blank page has a link (action="tosearch") go to search page. The "toblank" and "tosearch" is defined in the taskflow xml. (use Link is very important! button has no problem).

== Bug Details ==
To see the bug, please follow the steps below in the project:
  # Visit the search page, click Search (The default search is Criteria 1: Quick Search)
  # select Advance Search from Saved Search dropdown, and click the Search again. 
  # go to blank page by click the link in search page.
  # go to search page by click the link in blank page.
  # Select quick search from Saved Search dropdown, and click the search.
  # go to blank page by click the link in search page.
  # go to search page by click the link in blank page.

at step 7 you will find an popup exception as below (the exception popup whenever you visit the search page! until redeploy the application.): 

= Resources =
[http://adf-samples-demos.googlecode.com/files/ErrorTypeAttribute.rar]